---
title: "To My Friend, Charlie Kirk. @ 00:04:56"
episode: "_dRaEO47-co"
timestamp: 296.398
anchor: "t-00-04-56"
---

[▶️ Watch on YouTube at 00:04:56](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dRaEO47-co&t=296)

[← Back to episode](/episodes/ep-_dRaEO47-co.md#t-00-04-56)

## Transcript

**Candace Owens:**
> And Charlie (Charlie Kirk) showed me how to do that in the best way possible. I learned very quickly with Charlie (Charlie Kirk) that politics breeds unnecessary enemies. It's a disheartening industry. You're lucky if you have one friend. You're lucky if you have two friends. There are so many people that will test your character along the way. Like I said, I was a nobody. It was funny, going through text messages yesterday, and I'm like, “Charlie (Charlie Kirk), my goal is to have 50,000 followers on Instagram. I think we can do it by the end of the year.” And after he hired me, he had been working already really hard on doing this campus tour throughout California. He called it the Big Three: UCLA, we're going to do Stanford, we're going to do Berkeley.

## Entities Mentioned

- [Charlie Kirk](/entities/person-charlie-kirk.md) (PERSON)
  > "...ew it was going to be harmful for Black Americans, and I wanted to share that message. And Charlie (Charlie Kirk) showed me how to do that in the best way possible. I learned very quickly with Charlie (Charlie Ki..."
- [Instagram](/entities/org-instagram.md) (ORG)
  > "...t messages yesterday, and I'm like, “Charlie (Charlie Kirk), my goal is to have 50,000 followers on Instagram. I think we can do it by the end of the year.” And after he hired me, he had been working already r..."
- [California](/entities/gpe-california.md) (GPE)
  > "...And after he hired me, he had been working already really hard on doing this campus tour throughout California. He called it the Big Three: UCLA, we're going to do Stanford, we're going to do Berkeley. And ther..."
- [UCLA](/entities/org-ucla.md) (ORG)
  > "...ng already really hard on doing this campus tour throughout California. He called it the Big Three: UCLA, we're going to do Stanford, we're going to do Berkeley. And there was somebody who was a lot bigge..."
- [Stanford](/entities/org-stanford.md) (ORG)
  > "...n doing this campus tour throughout California. He called it the Big Three: UCLA, we're going to do Stanford, we're going to do Berkeley. And there was somebody who was a lot bigger than me at the time, who w..."
- [Berkeley](/entities/org-berkeley.md) (ORG)
  > "...oughout California. He called it the Big Three: UCLA, we're going to do Stanford, we're going to do Berkeley. And there was somebody who was a lot bigger than me at the time, who was going to be kind of the f..."

## Claims Made

- [factual] [Unverifiable] He called it the Big Three: UCLA, we're going to do Stanford, we're going to do Berkeley.
