---
title: "INSANITY! Guess Who Kash Patel Sent To Investig... @ 00:39:23"
episode: "t1YtLS1n8Vs"
timestamp: 2363.019
anchor: "t-00-39-23"
---

[▶️ Watch on YouTube at 00:39:23](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1YtLS1n8Vs&t=2363)

[← Back to episode](/episodes/ep-t1YtLS1n8Vs.md#t-00-39-23)

## Transcript

**Candace Owens:**
> I want to remind you guys if you have tips, pertaining to Robbie Hilde, anything that we are saying about what took place in Orem on that day. Tips does not include, “Candace (Candace Owens), have you seen this theory? Watch this TikTok.” Please, guys. We are trying not to have our inbox cluttered because we wanna get to all of these tips; a lot of information. Please email moretips@CandaceOwens.com, moretips@CandaceOwens.com if you have a tip pertaining to what took place on that day. First, want to throw it to Seven Weeks Coffee. You guys know I love them. It's America's pro-life coffee company. The pro-life mission is important because they don't want us to have a lot of children; more of them, less of us.

## Entities Mentioned

- [Orem](/entities/gpe-orem.md) (GPE)
  > "... if you have tips, pertaining to Robbie Hilde, anything that we are saying about what took place in Orem on that day. Tips does not include, “Candace (Candace Owens), have you seen this theory? Watch this..."
- [Candace Owens](/entities/person-candace-owens.md) (PERSON)
  > "...hing that we are saying about what took place in Orem on that day. Tips does not include, “Candace (Candace Owens), have you seen this theory? Watch this TikTok.” Please, guys. We are trying not to have our inbox ..."
- [Robbie Hilde](/entities/person-robbie-hilde.md) (PERSON)
  > "...d to; we're just; we are at max capacity. I want to remind you guys if you have tips, pertaining to Robbie Hilde, anything that we are saying about what took place in Orem on that day. Tips does not include, “Can..."
- [TikTok](/entities/org-tiktok.md) (ORG)
  > "...on that day. Tips does not include, “Candace (Candace Owens), have you seen this theory? Watch this TikTok.” Please, guys. We are trying not to have our inbox cluttered because we wanna get to all of these ..."
