---
title: "Operation: “See you in Valhalla, Charlie”. | Ca... @ 00:37:26"
episode: "mKXdKV-OBog"
timestamp: 2246.916
anchor: "t-00-37-26"
---

[▶️ Watch on YouTube at 00:37:26](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKXdKV-OBog&t=2246)

[← Back to episode](/episodes/ep-mKXdKV-OBog.md#t-00-37-26)

## Transcript

**Candace Owens:**
> We are running late tonight, but we are doing the book club as we can continue to read "Sigmund Freud and the Jewish Mystical Tradition." You can also buy my book if you head over to MakeHimASandwich.com. That is the regular copy. Signed copies can only be purchased on CandaceOwens.com. And while you are there, definitely check out our new merch that's on the website. We are having currently a Black Friday sale. You can use code BLACK20 for 20% off store-wide. Does not include books though. And that will be running through to Cyber Monday. So do not miss out. Good time to get stuff for the holidays. Top comments from yesterday. Number one: this person writes, "Brigitte thought Candace (Candace Owens) forgot all about him." Yeah, I mean, look. I did not want to see the French angle.

## Entities Mentioned

- [Candace Owens](/entities/person-candace-owens.md) (PERSON)
  > "...e holidays. Top comments from yesterday. Number one: this person writes, "Brigitte thought Candace (Candace Owens) forgot all about him." Yeah, I mean, look. I did not want to see the French angle. We got tons of ..."
- [Club Candace](/entities/org-club-candace.md) (ORG)
  > "...o CandaceOwens.com and sign up for the book club. We are running late tonight, but we are doing the book club as we can continue to read "Sigmund Freud and the Jewish Mystical Tradition." You can also buy my b..."
- [Sigmund Freud](/entities/person-sigmund-freud.md) (PERSON)
  > "... book club. We are running late tonight, but we are doing the book club as we can continue to read "Sigmund Freud and the Jewish Mystical Tradition." You can also buy my book if you head over to MakeHimASandwich.c..."
- [Make Him a Sandwich](/entities/work-make-him-a-sandwich.md) (WORK)
  > "...ead "Sigmund Freud and the Jewish Mystical Tradition." You can also buy my book if you head over to MakeHimASandwich.com. That is the regular copy. Signed copies can only be purchased on CandaceOwens.com. And while you a..."
- [Jewish mystical tradition](/entities/concept-jewish-mystical-tradition.md) (CONCEPT)
  > "...ning late tonight, but we are doing the book club as we can continue to read "Sigmund Freud and the Jewish Mystical Tradition." You can also buy my book if you head over to MakeHimASandwich.com. That is the regular copy. Sign..."
