---
title: "Shocking Revelation About The Egyptian Planes..... @ 00:37:19"
episode: "ZAuuSq_j2_w"
timestamp: 2239.884
anchor: "t-00-37-19"
---

[▶️ Watch on YouTube at 00:37:19](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAuuSq_j2_w&t=2239)

[← Back to episode](/episodes/ep-ZAuuSq_j2_w.md#t-00-37-19)

## Transcript

**Candace Owens:**
> Their customers are saving an average of $800 a month, which is like a $10,000-a-year raise without even having to change jobs. So call American Financing today. The number is 800-795-1210. That's 800-795-1210. Or visit AmericanFinancing.net slash Owens. That's AmericanFinancing.net slash Owens. People in the comments are out here calling Tim Pool "Beanie Shapiro." And I hope it doesn't stick. Anyways, you guys, if you'd like to support our show, I'm reminding you that Make Him a Sandwich is now on sale. It's on Amazon, which is super exciting. Also, if you want to get 20% off the book, you can go to MakeHimASandwich.com and buy directly from us. And we are now shipping to Canada.

## Entities Mentioned

- [Tim Pool](/entities/person-tim-pool.md) (PERSON)
  > "... slash Owens. That's AmericanFinancing.net slash Owens. People in the comments are out here calling Tim Pool "Beanie Shapiro." And I hope it doesn't stick. Anyways, you guys, if you'd like to support our show..."
- [Amazon](/entities/org-amazon.md) (ORG)
  > "... you'd like to support our show, I'm reminding you that Make Him a Sandwich is now on sale. It's on Amazon, which is super exciting. Also, if you want to get 20% off the book, you can go to MakeHimASandwich..."
- [Canada](/entities/gpe-canada.md) (GPE)
  > "...f the book, you can go to MakeHimASandwich.com and buy directly from us. And we are now shipping to Canada. And if you're looking for a signed copy, that is only available at CandaceOwens.com. Um, yeah. I n..."
- [Make Him a Sandwich](/entities/work-make-him-a-sandwich.md) (WORK)
  > ".... It's on Amazon, which is super exciting. Also, if you want to get 20% off the book, you can go to MakeHimASandwich.com and buy directly from us. And we are now shipping to Canada. And if you're looking for a signed cop..."
- [American Financing](/entities/org-american-financing.md) (ORG)
  > "So call American Financing today."
