---
title: "#1 Podcast Worldwide! Plus, Erika Kirk's Interv... @ 00:27:16"
episode: "vwG1juDCQZQ"
timestamp: 1636.795
anchor: "t-00-27-16"
---

[▶️ Watch on YouTube at 00:27:16](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwG1juDCQZQ&t=1636)

[← Back to episode](/episodes/ep-vwG1juDCQZQ.md#t-00-27-16)

## Transcript

**Candace Owens:**
> but you're also supporting over 260 other U.S. ranches and the hundreds of American families who work on those ranches as well. It is born in the USA, raised in the USA, processed right here in the USA. The meat is aged to perfection for 21 days, and then it is shipped directly from their ranch to your home. This is not your average black Angus beef. This is more flavorful and more tender than even the best Angus beef that I've ever tasted. Right now when you head over to riverbendranch.com and use promo code Candace at checkout, you'll get $20 off your first order. Trust me: you are going to be so impressed. So visit riverbendranch.com and use promo code Candace at checkout. I also want to tell you guys about PDS Debt. Debt from credit cards isn't an accident, obviously.

## Entities Mentioned

- [Candace Owens](/entities/person-candace-owens.md) (PERSON)
  > "...dranch.com and use promo code Candace at checkout, you'll get $20 off your first order."
- [United States](/entities/gpe-united-states.md) (GPE)
  > "... ranches and the hundreds of American families who work on those ranches as well. It is born in the USA, raised in the USA, processed right here in the USA. The meat is aged to perfection for 21 days, an..."
- [Riverbend Ranch](/entities/org-riverbend-ranch.md) (ORG)
  > "...nd more tender than even the best Angus beef that I've ever tasted. Right now when you head over to riverbendranch.com and use promo code Candace at checkout, you'll get $20 off your first order. Trust me: you are goin..."
- [PDS Debt](/entities/org-pds-debt.md) (ORG)
  > "...o want to tell you guys about PDS Debt."
