---
title: "MATRIX REVELATIONS: Erika Kirk Speaks. Zionists... @ 00:48:38"
episode: "K1tFD7FfoCU"
timestamp: 2918.242
anchor: "t-00-48-38"
---

[▶️ Watch on YouTube at 00:48:38](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1tFD7FfoCU&t=2918)

[← Back to episode](/episodes/ep-K1tFD7FfoCU.md#t-00-48-38)

## Transcript

**Candace Owens:**
> So trying to create scandal—they're trying to scandalize your name so that people stop watching you and trying to say, "Well, you can't speak on this platform" because they can't beat you by being themselves because they suck. They're annoying. People don't like them anymore. It's not cool to say "don't have a conversation." It's not cool to hold up like some donor-printed signs and do a dance in front of Randy Fine (Randy Fine). "Tucker (Tucker Carlson) is not MAGA." People can see which way the wind is blowing, and it's against Israel because everything they do is uncool—and it also happens to be genocidal. So that doesn't help either. Anyways, you guys—tomorrow we have the book club. First time ever the book club was infiltrated. I'm proud of us. Very proud of us—people on the book club. So be sure to be there.

## Entities Mentioned

- [Tucker Carlson](/entities/person-tucker-carlson.md) (PERSON)
  > "... hold up like some donor-printed signs and do a dance in front of Randy Fine (Randy Fine). "Tucker (Tucker Carlson) is not MAGA." People can see which way the wind is blowing, and it's against Israel because everyt..."
- [Israel](/entities/gpe-israel.md) (GPE)
  > "...ucker (Tucker Carlson) is not MAGA." People can see which way the wind is blowing, and it's against Israel because everything they do is uncool—and it also happens to be genocidal. So that doesn't help eith..."
- [Randy Fine](/entities/person-randy-fine.md) (PERSON)
  > "... a conversation." It's not cool to hold up like some donor-printed signs and do a dance in front of Randy Fine (Randy Fine). "Tucker (Tucker Carlson) is not MAGA." People can see which way the wind is blowing, ..."
- [Club Candace](/entities/org-club-candace.md) (ORG)
  > "...t also happens to be genocidal. So that doesn't help either. Anyways, you guys—tomorrow we have the book club. First time ever the book club was infiltrated. I'm proud of us. Very proud of us—people on the boo..."
- [Make Him a Sandwich](/entities/work-make-him-a-sandwich.md) (WORK)
  > "...d of us. Very proud of us—people on the book club. So be sure to be there. Also reminding you guys: Make Him a Sandwich. If you want to buy that, go to makehimasandwich.com. You guys are gonna love this book because it ..."
- [MAGA movement](/entities/concept-maga-movement.md) (CONCEPT)
  > "...r-printed signs and do a dance in front of Randy Fine (Randy Fine). "Tucker (Tucker Carlson) is not MAGA." People can see which way the wind is blowing, and it's against Israel because everything they do ..."
