---
episode: "aDlhjfW6hz8"
timestamp: 3086.853
anchor: "t-00-51-26"
---

# ep-aDlhjfW6hz8 @ 00:51:26

[▶️ Watch on YouTube at 00:51:26](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDlhjfW6hz8&t=3086)

[← Back to episode](/episodes/ep-aDlhjfW6hz8.md#^t-00-51-26)

## Transcript

**SPEAKER_1:**
> And we are taking a look at everything. You guys have sent me so much more, by the way, which I'm going to get into this weekend in memorial of Charlie Kirk, about the house next door, some weird stuff that was happening at that house, what has been advertised at that vacant house where the locals believe that's the real place that they should have went to. People are telling me a lot of stuff about CIA action at UVU, some programs that they had been running, that there's a pipeline from people at UVU to people that go and work for the CIA. So there's a lot to investigate, but I also want to be given the time to fact-check everything so that we don't go after the wrong people. Again, if you have any tips, any photos, you know where to send them. Candice, I mean, that's not right. Don't send it there. Tips@candiceowens.com. And yeah, for those of you guys who have supported this, thank you so much. Like I said yesterday and the day before, we see you in the comments fighting for us. And I will say it is a good thing they're attacking this hard. It's actually waking more people up. People are watching my show, watching them lie, debunking their lies and going, okay, why did they do that? Like, why would PBD do that? Like, we've always been friends, friendly. He was very kind to me. I've always been kind to him. Why just allow these people to lie?
