---
title: "Ben Shapiro Is Crying Again. | Candace Ep 261 @ 00:46:49"
episode: "r1PS67aRmcA"
timestamp: 2809.33
anchor: "t-00-46-49"
---

[▶️ Watch on YouTube at 00:46:49](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1PS67aRmcA&t=2809)

[← Back to episode](/episodes/ep-r1PS67aRmcA.md#t-00-46-49)

## Transcript

**Candace Owens:**
> Or visit americanfinancing.net/owens. That's americanfinancing.net/owens. All right, jumping into some of your comments here. RN Explorer writes, "Why can't Tucker (Tucker Carlson) interview Fuentes (Nick Fuentes)? Ben (Ben Shapiro) is upset with Tucker (Tucker Carlson) for this. I have seen this kind of immaturity in high school between teenage girls. I'm mad at her because she's talking to the girl that I don't like. Ben (Ben Shapiro), please stop." I agree. There is something fundamentally high school about it. It's so weird. And I think they truly thought this was it. Like I know it's every week they renew their efforts to cancel Tucker (Tucker Carlson), but I think they thought they had him. Like this was really gonna be it. And of course, it always backfires because people go, how immature, why can't Nick Fuentes (Nick Fuentes) tell a story?

## Entities Mentioned

- [Ben Shapiro](/entities/person-ben-shapiro.md) (PERSON)
  > "Ben (Ben Shapiro) is upset with Tucker (Tucker Carlson) for this."
- [Nick Fuentes](/entities/person-nick-fuentes.md) (PERSON)
  > "...s really gonna be it. And of course, it always backfires because people go, how immature, why can't Nick Fuentes tell a story? I just, I don't understand it. I'm not offended by anybody sitting down with Nick Fue..."
- [Tucker Carlson](/entities/person-tucker-carlson.md) (PERSON)
  > "...t/owens. All right, jumping into some of your comments here. RN Explorer writes, "Why can't Tucker (Tucker Carlson) interview Fuentes? Ben is upset with Tucker (Tucker Carlson) for this. I have seen this kind of im..."
