---
title: "TPUSA Wants Us To Stop Asking Questions About 9... @ 00:36:45"
episode: "ozWJz2spBcI"
timestamp: 2205.409
anchor: "t-00-36-45"
---

[▶️ Watch on YouTube at 00:36:45](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozWJz2spBcI&t=2205)

[← Back to episode](/episodes/ep-ozWJz2spBcI.md#t-00-36-45)

## Transcript

**Candace Owens:**
> I'm gonna pull this photo up because I just want to look at the photo. This is literally her being shot in front of the gifts that people are dropping off for Charlie (Charlie (Charlie (Charlie Kirk) Kirk) Kirk). But maybe it's Photoshopped. Doesn't look like it is to me. Even if it was Photoshopped, I would be losing my mind. I don't understand how anyone would let this go out and think that it's okay if they knew Charlie (Charlie (Charlie (Charlie Kirk) Kirk) Kirk). I couldn't even speak to the press that week. I still haven't spoken to the press about Charlie (Charlie (Charlie Kirk) Kirk) Kirk (Charlie (Charlie (Charlie Kirk) Kirk) Kirk), actually. I haven't even given one interview about Charlie (Charlie (Charlie Kirk) Kirk) Kirk (Charlie (Charlie (Charlie Kirk) Kirk) Kirk), because it felt icky to me. I'm just focused on investigating his murder. Anyways, I want to read a little blurb from this article. Again, published September 18th.

## Entities Mentioned

- [Alex Clark](/entities/person-alex-clark.md) (PERSON)
  > "...tle blurb from this article. Again, published September 18th. (Wall Street Journal article quote:) "Alex Clark was about to head to the airport for a work trip to celebrate the first anniversary of her podcast ..."
- [Charlie Kirk](/entities/person-charlie-kirk.md) (PERSON)
  > "...o. This is literally her being shot in front of the gifts that people are dropping off for Charlie (Charlie Kirk). But maybe it's Photoshopped. Doesn't look like it is to me. Even if it was Photoshopped, I would ..."
- [Wall Street Journal](/entities/org-wall-street-journal.md) (ORG)
  > "...murder. Anyways, I want to read a little blurb from this article. Again, published September 18th. (Wall Street Journal article quote:) "Alex Clark was about to head to the airport for a work trip to celebrate the first..."
