---
title: "2017"
id: "date-2017"
type: "DATE"
---

_Type: Dates_

> **Note:** Entities are extracted automatically using AI/NLP. Some identifications may be incorrect or incomplete.

## Mentions

### [Charlie Ripped A Hole In Reality | Candace Ep 253](/episodes/ep-Cq7nj9rxPdo.md)

- [00:57:26](/episodes/ep-Cq7nj9rxPdo.md#^t-00-57-02)
  > "...nt—which Brigitte is controlling, by the way—this person, Brumetz, has worked with the couple since 2017. And we're supposed to believe that a hacker was going to risk hacking the president of France. Oka..."

### [Charlie Kirk And The Crossing Of The Delaware | Candace Ep 268](/episodes/ep-SKGUzGHymcI.md)

- [00:51:37](/episodes/ep-SKGUzGHymcI.md#^t-00-51-10)
  > "...about. Soul Survivor writes, Calvary Global Network branched off from Calvary Chapel Association in 2017. Much like they infiltrated TPUSA, they started branching out into separate things. I sent in a tip..."

### [Why Is Everyone Crashing Out Over The Charlie Kirk Investigation? | Candace Ep 262](/episodes/ep-YaZfwLQ7vrI.md)

- [00:21:23](/episodes/ep-YaZfwLQ7vrI.md#^t-00-20-48)
  > "...ents that have happened in the past, right? There were a ton of conspiracies following October 1st, 2017, when the Las Vegas shooting happened. Largest mass shooting in American history. And it was almost..."

### [To My Friend, Charlie Kirk.](/episodes/ep-_dRaEO47-co.md)

- [00:01:20](/episodes/ep-_dRaEO47-co.md#^t-00-01-20)
  > "...ghing. Yes, he was ambitious. Everybody knows Charlie (Charlie Kirk)'s ambitious. I met him back in 2017, when Turning Point was this very young organization. Nobody knew who I was. Nobody knew who Charli..."

### [Charlie's Angels Or Demons? Disturbing Footage Emerges. | Candace Ep 252](/episodes/ep-c5BcKF91iec.md)

- [00:54:53](/episodes/ep-c5BcKF91iec.md#^t-00-54-26)
  > "...o be. I barely defended myself as they came out—attacked, lied: "She didn't even speak to him since 2017. She didn't know Charlie. She hasn't seen him." They just lied and lied and lied and lied. And nobo..."

### [Charlie Kirk And Brigitte's Legionnaires | Candace Ep 271](/episodes/ep-tB5SXXmd9vU.md)

- [00:50:56](/episodes/ep-tB5SXXmd9vU.md#^t-00-50-56)
  > "... (Charlie Kirk) and lied and said that I hadn't been friends with Charlie Kirk (Charlie Kirk) since 2017. After that episode, Eric Bolling sent me an email and apologized and said it was Adam's fault. He ..."

## Relationships

_No relationships extracted yet._
