---
title: "Brigitte Macron sued Candace Owens"
description: "Evidence for the relationship: Brigitte Macron sued Candace Owens"
relationship_id: "rel-f6f991b69319"
subject: "person-brigitte-macron"
predicate: "sued"
object: "person-candace-owens"
---

> **Note:** Relationships between entities are inferred automatically using AI analysis of transcript context.

## [Brigitte Macron](/entities/person-brigitte-macron) sued [Candace Owens](/entities/person-candace-owens)

### Evidence (11 mentions)

**[From Britney To Charlie. With Pastors Like These, Who Needs Enemies? | Candace Ep 265](/episodes/ep-7RLtGgkTh9o)**

- [00:02:12](/episodes/ep-7RLtGgkTh9o#t-00-02-12): _Brigitte Macron and Emmanuel had a heart attack when I started discussing MKUltra. They brought it up 18 times in the lawsuit against me_

**[Turning Point Has Been Keeping A BIG Secret. Did Charlie Know About It? | Candace Ep 272](/episodes/ep-a-e7HC6SeK8)**

- [00:01:56](/episodes/ep-a-e7HC6SeK8#t-00-01-56): _my lawsuit, me being sued by Brigitte Macron_
- [00:01:56](/episodes/ep-a-e7HC6SeK8#t-00-01-56): _me being filed by Brigitte Macron, me being sued by Brigitte and Emmanuel Macron_
- [00:01:56](/episodes/ep-a-e7HC6SeK8#t-00-01-56): _...my lawsuit, me being filed by Brigitte Macron, me being sued by Brigitte and Emmanuel Macron..._

**[BREAKING: TPUSA Throws Down The Gauntlet! Publicly Invites Me To Ask Questions. | Candace Ep 273](/episodes/ep-his-JBjlkh8)**

- [00:10:50](/episodes/ep-his-JBjlkh8#t-00-10-50): _"Inside the economics of Candace Owens' media empire and the Macron lawsuit threatening to unravel it."_

**[Another French Front: Did Charlie Kirk Save My Life? | Candace Ep 269](/episodes/ep-sImMM04XdWY)**

- [00:17:22](/episodes/ep-sImMM04XdWY#t-00-17-22): _Brigitte and Emmanuel Macron released to the Financial Times that they are suing me in a Delaware court_

**[EXCLUSIVE! Another Photo Of Tyler Robinson | Candace Ep 238](/episodes/ep-sreYYcID-QY)**

- [00:10:29](/episodes/ep-sreYYcID-QY#t-00-10-29): _Out of nowhere, Brigitte Macron just lies._
- [00:46:11](/episodes/ep-sreYYcID-QY#t-00-46-11): _Brigitte Macron comes out and says they have offered scientific evidence to the U.S. court_

**[INSANITY! Guess Who Kash Patel Sent To Investigate Charlie Kirk's Assassination | Ep 247](/episodes/ep-t1YtLS1n8Vs)**

- [00:34:22](/episodes/ep-t1YtLS1n8Vs#t-00-34-22): _Brigitte Macron has hired feds, former federal prosecutors, and she's hiring a firm here._

**[Charlie Kirk And Brigitte's Legionnaires | Candace Ep 271](/episodes/ep-tB5SXXmd9vU)**

- [00:05:28](/episodes/ep-tB5SXXmd9vU#t-00-05-28): _if you are currently at this moment, the first man of France, that would be Brigitte Macron, and you are currently suing a podcaster in America named Candace (Candace Owens) for defamation_

**[#1 Podcast Worldwide! Plus, Erika Kirk's Interview. | Candace Ep 260](/episodes/ep-vwG1juDCQZQ)**

- [00:02:10](/episodes/ep-vwG1juDCQZQ#t-00-02-10): _defamation lawsuit from French President Emmanuel Macron and First Lady Brigitte Macron_

### Related

- [Brigitte Macron](/entities/person-brigitte-macron)
- [Candace Owens](/entities/person-candace-owens)
