---
title: "ep-K5GjF53bfN4 @ 00:43:37"
episode: "K5GjF53bfN4"
timestamp: 2617.622
anchor: "t-00-43-37"
---

[▶️ Watch on YouTube at 00:43:37](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5GjF53bfN4&t=2617)

[← Back to episode](/episodes/ep-K5GjF53bfN4.md#^t-00-43-37)

## Transcript

**SPEAKER_1:**
> Also, does anyone else find etchings on the bullet casings conveniently found in all of the occurrences of violent crimes lately quite suspicious?" Indeed, Ben (Ben Auten), indeed. You and Thistle (Thistle) both agree that that is very suspect. Like I said, it's starting to feel like a government signature a little bit, right? Miranda New (Miranda New) writes, "The anger and hate towards Erika (Erika Kirk) is insane. She's a beacon of light in this dark world, as are you, Candace (Candace Owens). I assume Erika (Erika Kirk) also thinks all of this is weird too, or she would have stopped you by now. All love." That is correct. Erika (Erika Kirk) has my number. Erika (Erika Kirk) actually recently started following me. It was another thing that they were like, "Candace (Candace Owens) doesn't even follow Charlie (Charlie Kirk)." Yeah, because I unfollowed everyone. When I announced my book, Blackout, I wanted to make it like a cool thing.

## Entities Mentioned

- [Charlie Kirk](/entities/person-charlie-kirk.md) (PERSON)
  > "...me. It was another thing that they were like, "Candace (Candace Owens) doesn't even follow Charlie (Charlie Kirk)." Yeah, because I unfollowed everyone. When I announced my book, Blackout, I wanted to make it lik..."
- [Candace Owens](/entities/person-candace-owens.md) (PERSON)
  > "...ards Erika (Erika Kirk) is insane. She's a beacon of light in this dark world, as are you, Candace (Candace Owens). I assume Erika (Erika Kirk) also thinks all of this is weird too, or she would have stopped you b..."
