---
title: "Charlie Kirk Expressed Concerns About TPUSA Fin... @ 00:01:58"
episode: "K5GjF53bfN4"
timestamp: 118.475
anchor: "t-00-01-58"
---

[▶️ Watch on YouTube at 00:01:58](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5GjF53bfN4&t=118)

[← Back to episode](/episodes/ep-K5GjF53bfN4.md#t-00-01-58)

## Transcript

**Candace Owens:**
> It's very weird, and we should not forget how weird that is, especially because when he went on multiple hits doing Fox News and Greta Van Susteren's (Greta Van Susteren) show, he lied about the contents of a letter that Charlie (Charlie Kirk) had written him back in May. What I also don't like are the people like Josh Hammer and Seth Dillon, people that I know who are very nasty and work behind the scenes. I don't like that they have not yet been honest or forthcoming about the pressure that they and others were putting on Charlie (Charlie Kirk). That just strikes me as odd. There's no reason to lie. No reason to pretend that you weren't doing that, to try to massage it and lie about it.

## Entities Mentioned

- [Charlie Kirk](/entities/person-charlie-kirk.md) (PERSON)
  > "...reta Van Susteren's (Greta Van Susteren) show, he lied about the contents of a letter that Charlie (Charlie Kirk) had written him back in May. What I also don't like are the people like Josh Hammer and Seth Dillo..."
- [Josh Hammer](/entities/person-josh-hammer.md) (PERSON)
  > "...that Charlie (Charlie Kirk) had written him back in May. What I also don't like are the people like Josh Hammer and Seth Dillon, people that I know who are very nasty and work behind the scenes. I don't like tha..."
- [Seth Dillon](/entities/person-seth-dillon.md) (PERSON)
  > "...arlie Kirk) had written him back in May. What I also don't like are the people like Josh Hammer and Seth Dillon, people that I know who are very nasty and work behind the scenes. I don't like that they have not ..."
- [Greta Van Susteren](/entities/person-greta-van-susteren.md) (PERSON)
  > "...d not forget how weird that is, especially because when he went on multiple hits doing Fox News and Greta Van Susteren's (Greta Van Susteren) show, he lied about the contents of a letter that Charlie (Charlie Kirk) had..."
- [Fox News](/entities/org-fox-news.md) (ORG)
  > "... and we should not forget how weird that is, especially because when he went on multiple hits doing Fox News and Greta Van Susteren's (Greta Van Susteren) show, he lied about the contents of a letter that Cha..."
