---
title: "Charlie Ripped A Hole In Reality | Candace Ep 253 @ 00:01:36"
episode: "Cq7nj9rxPdo"
timestamp: 96.657
anchor: "t-00-01-36"
---

[▶️ Watch on YouTube at 00:01:36](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cq7nj9rxPdo&t=96)

[← Back to episode](/episodes/ep-Cq7nj9rxPdo.md#t-00-01-36)

## Transcript

**Candace Owens:**
> Today is actually a really important episode. I want you to pay attention, very close attention, to what I'm about to share with you. A lot of this is gut instinct. That's what we do here. And I think it will change the way you think about the world. I'm gonna start by building upon what we discussed yesterday. I had mentioned to you all, honestly, that something was happening in April of 2018. A lot of things actually were happening in April of 2018, but of course hindsight is 20/20. And I'm going to share some things with you. I don't know what everything means, but I know that it means something.

## Entities Mentioned

- [Charlie Kirk](/entities/person-charlie-kirk.md) (PERSON)
  > "...ing means, but I know that it means something. Back when I did my initial tribute video to Charlie (Charlie Kirk), some people took issue theologically when I said that the day that Kanye West tweeted, "I love th..."
- [Kanye West](/entities/person-kanye-west.md) (PERSON)
  > "...video to Charlie (Charlie Kirk), some people took issue theologically when I said that the day that Kanye West tweeted, "I love the way Candace Owens thinks," Charlie and I freaked out because we were convinced..."
- [Candace Owens](/entities/person-candace-owens.md) (PERSON)
  > "...e people took issue theologically when I said that the day that Kanye West tweeted, "I love the way Candace Owens thinks," Charlie and I freaked out because we were convinced that we had somehow manifested that. I..."
- [2018](/entities/date-2018.md) (DATE)
  > "...discussed yesterday. I had mentioned to you all, honestly, that something was happening in April of 2018. A lot of things actually were happening in April of 2018, but of course hindsight is 20/20. And I'..."
