---
title: "Charlie Ripped A Hole In Reality | Candace Ep 253 @ 00:54:18"
episode: "Cq7nj9rxPdo"
timestamp: 3258.775
anchor: "t-00-54-18"
---

[▶️ Watch on YouTube at 00:54:18](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cq7nj9rxPdo&t=3258)

[← Back to episode](/episodes/ep-Cq7nj9rxPdo.md#t-00-54-18)

## Transcript

**Candace Owens:**
> and I am not new to what you guys do. These out-of-context clips are just not hitting the same. The people are awake. They know what's happening here. They see what you're doing. And then he cried, by the way, when he got hit with a copyright strike. I couldn't believe it. Talk about literally crying while you strike someone else. Like, you stole my content. You got caught stealing my content and trying to make money off of it. And then he tweets, "Candace Owens hit my account." This is Nathan Livingstone. "I tried to steal, and she didn't let me. Why is she trying to silence me? Why won't she let me steal?" You can pay for a pass; you can watch it. But you can't steal my content. Anyways, guys, it's amazing. I think it's actually amazing that our book club got infiltrated. We're gonna have to be more careful in there.

## Entities Mentioned

- [Nathan Livingstone](/entities/person-nathan-livingstone.md) (PERSON)
  > "This is Nathan Livingstone."
- [Candace Owens](/entities/person-candace-owens.md) (PERSON)
  > "...ontent. You got caught stealing my content and trying to make money off of it. And then he tweets, "Candace Owens hit my account." This is Nathan Livingstone. "I tried to steal, and she didn't let me. Why is she t..."
- [Club Candace](/entities/org-club-candace.md) (ORG)
  > "...But you can't steal my content. Anyways, guys, it's amazing. I think it's actually amazing that our book club got infiltrated. We're gonna have to be more careful in there. Just kidding. I won't be. I will be ..."
