---
title: "Charlie Ripped A Hole In Reality | Candace Ep 253 @ 00:35:07"
episode: "Cq7nj9rxPdo"
timestamp: 2107.556
anchor: "t-00-35-07"
---

[▶️ Watch on YouTube at 00:35:07](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cq7nj9rxPdo&t=2107)

[← Back to episode](/episodes/ep-Cq7nj9rxPdo.md#t-00-35-07)

## Transcript

**Candace Owens:**
> maybe Dr. Lee Trotter—which I have heard works at both—limited surgeons going back and forth. That's somehow it created a file. But I'd like to know definitively what the answer for that is—why he also has a file at UVU, why there seemed to be so much confusion. Again, we don't need to go crazy with conspiracy theories. There could be a logical answer. I have not stumbled upon it yet. And so medical community, feel free to email us at tips@ CandaceOwens.com. Okay, we're gonna take a brief break before we get into Turning Point USA's response to Mikey McCoy's actions. All right, you guys, jumping in to tell you about one of my favorite organizations, Preborn!, because I've watched too many people who I'm close to be vilified for standing up for truth.

## Entities Mentioned

- [Mikey McCoy](/entities/person-mikey-mccoy.md) (PERSON)
  > "...eOwens.com. Okay, we're gonna take a brief break before we get into Turning Point USA's response to Mikey McCoy's actions. All right, you guys, jumping in to tell you about one of my favorite organizations, Preb..."
- [Dr. Lee Trotter](/entities/person-dr-lee-trotter.md) (PERSON)
  > "...ve confirmed that doesn't seem to be the circumstance. It's possible that it could be because maybe Dr. Lee Trotter—which I have heard works at both—limited surgeons going back and forth. That's somehow it created a..."
- [Turning Point USA](/entities/org-turning-point-usa.md) (ORG)
  > "...free to email us at tips@ CandaceOwens.com. Okay, we're gonna take a brief break before we get into Turning Point USA's response to Mikey McCoy's actions. All right, you guys, jumping in to tell you about one of my fa..."
- [United States](/entities/gpe-united-states.md) (GPE)
  > "...us at tips@ CandaceOwens.com. Okay, we're gonna take a brief break before we get into Turning Point USA's response to Mikey McCoy's actions. All right, you guys, jumping in to tell you about one of my fa..."
- [Preborn](/entities/org-preborn.md) (ORG)
  > "...cCoy's actions. All right, you guys, jumping in to tell you about one of my favorite organizations, Preborn!, because I've watched too many people who I'm close to be vilified for standing up for truth. I've..."
- [Utah Valley University](/entities/org-utah-valley-university.md) (ORG)
  > "...ted a file. But I'd like to know definitively what the answer for that is—why he also has a file at UVU, why there seemed to be so much confusion. Again, we don't need to go crazy with conspiracy theorie..."
